README.md, before:

# Football Prediction Hub

AI-powered football match prediction system with advanced machine learning algorithms.

## 🚀 Quick Start (CodeSandbox)

### Automatic Setup (Recommended)
CodeSandbox will automatically run these commands:
```bash
# Install dependencies (runs automatically)
pnpm install

# Start the application (runs automatically)
pnpm dev
```

### Manual Setup
```bash
# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Run the application
python3 main.py
```

## 📋 Requirements

- Python 3.11+
- All dependencies listed in `requirements.txt`

## 🏃‍♂️ Running the Application

### Automatic (CodeSandbox)
1. **Install Dependencies:** `pnpm install` (runs automatically)
2. **Run Application:** `pnpm dev` (runs automatically)
3. **Access Web Interface:** Open the URL provided by CodeSandbox

### Manual
1. **Install Dependencies:**
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

2. **Run the Application:**
   ```bash
   python3 main.py
   ```

3. **Access the Web Interface:**
   - Open the URL provided by CodeSandbox
   - The application will be available on the specified port

## 🔧 Features

- Advanced football match prediction algorithms
- Machine learning models (XGBoost, Neural Networks, CRF)
- Real-time data analysis
- Web-based interface
- API endpoints for predictions

## 📁 Project Structure

- `main.py` - Main application entry point
- `algorithms/` - Prediction algorithms
- `models/` - Trained ML models
- `templates/` - HTML templates
- `static/` - CSS, JS, and image files
- `data/` - Data files and databases

## 📦 Package Scripts

- `pnpm install` - Installs Python dependencies
- `pnpm dev` - Starts the application
- `pnpm start` - Alternative start command

Commit message:

Optimize for CodeSandbox: simplify requirements.txt, add port configuration, and update main.py for automatic startup

README.md, after:

# Football Prediction Hub

AI-powered football match prediction system with advanced machine learning algorithms.

## 🚀 Quick Start (CodeSandbox)

### Automatic Setup (Recommended)
CodeSandbox will automatically run these commands:
```bash
# Install dependencies (runs automatically)
pnpm install

# Start the application (runs automatically)
pnpm dev
```

The application will be available at the URL provided by CodeSandbox.

### Manual Setup
```bash
# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Run the application
python3 main.py
```

## 📋 Requirements

- Python 3.11+
- Essential libraries: Flask, NumPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, XGBoost

## 🏃‍♂️ Running the Application

### Automatic (CodeSandbox)
1. **Install Dependencies:** `pnpm install` (runs automatically)
2. **Run Application:** `pnpm dev` (runs automatically)
3. **Access Web Interface:** Open the URL provided by CodeSandbox

### Manual
1. **Install Dependencies:**
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

2. **Run the Application:**
   ```bash
   python3 main.py
   ```

3. **Access the Web Interface:**
   - Open the URL provided by CodeSandbox
   - The application will be available on the specified port

## 🔧 Features

- Advanced football match prediction algorithms
- Machine learning models (XGBoost, Neural Networks, CRF)
- Real-time data analysis
- Web-based interface
- API endpoints for predictions

## 📁 Project Structure

- `main.py` - Main application entry point
- `algorithms/` - Prediction algorithms
- `models/` - Trained ML models
- `templates/` - HTML templates
- `static/` - CSS, JS, and image files
- `data/` - Data files and databases

## 📦 Package Scripts

- `pnpm install` - Installs Python dependencies (simplified)
- `pnpm dev` - Starts the application on port 3000
- `pnpm start` - Alternative start command

## ⚡ Optimized for CodeSandbox

- **Fast Installation:** Only essential libraries included
- **Automatic Port:** Runs on port 3000 by default
- **Quick Startup:** Minimal dependencies for faster loading
